Who the hell are you?
My dad is actually on summer vacation
He asked me who I was, and you said who I was?
You'd better let me tell him I'm his girlfriend
You're fucking deaf
I told you that my father is the leader of Zhien
You told me you were his girlfriend.
Lao Tzu got married very well
Do you know?
Don't want to know
It's hard to just drink and not eat, right?
Come on. Let's get something to eat.
I'm going to kill you
Presumptuous you, you want one too
Send you
Wu Xuan, what are you doing?
Sun Qian, why does he have nothing?
My dad is a real patriarch and I have money
I can buy you anything you want.
Lu Xuan can spend 2 billion to buy Changhe Hospital
Can you give it to a woman?
Is Security Shu great?
Zhao Bin, let me tell you a secret
This woman is your father's boss
Hyun Jin Si Shishou Lan
Lord Phoenix
Male god sister no
Impossible this is impossible
Don't be scary if you're ugly
Think about how to apologize to the male goddess
let go
You can't go there.
Mr. Lu is cool
How do you want to repay me?